Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-add-numbers-to-rows: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1330)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to number grid rows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to add numbers to grid rows
```

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e1330/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to number rows (display row visible indices) in a grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to add row numbers (display row visible indices) in a grid.
```

![](grid-with-numbered-rows.png)

## Implementation Details

1. Create an unbound column.

```aspx
<dxwgv:GridViewDataTextColumn Caption="#" UnboundType="String" />
```

> 2. Handle the [CustomColumnDisplayText](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridView.CustomColumnDisplayText) event to assign row visible incex to cell  values in the unbound column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Handle the [CustomColumnDisplayText](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridView.CustomColumnDisplayText) event to assign row visible indices to cell values in the unbound column.
```
